1) Denver Broncos
The Broncos have an elite offensive line, led by Garett Bolles at left tackle. He and Quinn Meinerz at right guard are arguably the best at their positions. Meanwhile, Luke Wattenberg at center and Mike McGlinchey at right tackle are above-average starters. Denver also improved their depth during the NFL Draft, selecting Kage Casey in the fourth round.

2) Philadelphia Eagles
While the Eagles no longer have the clear-cut top offensive line in the NFL, their unit is still one of the best. Lane Johnson is arguably the best right tackle in the league when healthy and a future first-ballot Hall of Famer. Meanwhile, Jordan Mailata, Landon Dickerson and Cam Jurgens are all top-10 at their respective positions.

3) Los Angeles Chargers
Unfortunately, injuries ruined the Chargers' offensive line last year. Rashawn Slater and Joe Alt are the best offensive tackle duo in the NFL when healthy. However, they played six combined games in 2025. Thankfully, Los Angeles added three new starters to the interior of their offensive line, including second-round rookie Jake Slaughter at left guard.

4) Indianapolis Colts
After losing multiple starters in free agency last year, some had low expectations for the Colts' offensive line in 2025. However, the unit played well. Bernhard Raimann and Quenton Nelson form one of the best left sides in the NFL. Meanwhile, Jalen Travis filled in well for Braden Smith at right tackle last season when the veteran missed time. Therefore, fantasy players should have high hopes for him taking over as the Week 1 starter.

5) Chicago Bears
Chicago completely rebuilt their offensive line 15 minutes into the Ben Johnson era last offseason, trading for Joe Thuney and Jonah Jackson before signing Drew Dalman in free agency. Unfortunately, Dalman retired earlier this offseason, but the Bears quickly filled the void with Garrett Bradbury. While the left tackle spot could be an open competition between three players, Darnell Wright at right tackle and Thuney at left guard make this offensive line a top-five unit.

6) Minnesota Vikings
Quarterback play impacted the Vikings' offensive line success in 2025. Thankfully, Kyler Murray should help the unit this season. More importantly, Minnesota has one of the better offensive tackle duos in the league with Christian Darrisaw and Brian O'Neill when healthy. The team also improved their tackle depth, spending a third-round pick in the NFL Draft on Caleb Tiernan, who can also start at guard if necessary.

7) New Orleans Saints
Kelvin Banks Jr. was outstanding as a rookie at left tackle, showing everyone why he should have been the first tackle selected in the 2025 NFL Draft and not the third. Meanwhile, Erik McCoy and Cesar Ruiz are solid starters, while Taliese Fuaga should have a bounce-back year after a down 2025 season. The Saints filled the one clear hole on their offensive line in free agency, signing David Edwards to a healthy contract.

8) Buffalo Bills
Speaking of David Edwards, his former team comes in next in my offensive line rankings. While Buffalo lost Edwards in free agency, they held onto Connor McGovern, one of the NFL's top centers. Dion Dawkins quietly keeps playing as a top-five left tackle despite turning 32 years old this offseason. Meanwhile, O'Cyrus Torrence and Spencer Brown are one of the better right-side duos in the league.

9) Carolina Panthers
The Panthers quietly have one of the better offensive lines in the NFL. They did lose Cade Mays in free agency, replacing him with Luke Fortner. Despite the downgrade at center, Carolina has three top-10 starters at their respective positions on their offensive line in Damien Lewis, Robert Hunt, and Taylor Moton. While Ikem Ekwonu might not play this season because of a significant knee injury, the Panthers added Rasheed Walker and Monroe Freeling to compete at left tackle.

10) Los Angeles Rams
Despite lacking a household name on their offensive line, the Rams have an impressive unit. Alaric Jackson, Steven Avila, Coleman Shelton, and Kevin Dotson return as Week 1 starters from a year ago. Meanwhile, Rob Havenstein retired this offseason, leaving Warren McClendon Jr. to take over at right tackle after starting 10 games in 2025.

11) Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Tampa Bay's offensive line was obliterated with injuries last season. However, they have an impressive unit when healthy. Tristan Wirfs is a top-three left tackle in the NFL after starting his career on the right side. More importantly, the Buccaneers are bringing back all five starters from last year's team. Hopefully, the unit can stay healthy this season.

12) Detroit Lions
Taylor Decker is gone, meaning Penei Sewell is moving over to left tackle for the first time in his professional career. The Lions spent their first-round pick on Blake Miller, arguably the most pro-ready offensive tackle in the 2026 NFL Draft class. Detroit also signed Cade Mays in free agency after struggling at center last season following Frank Ragnow's retirement.

13) Kansas City Chiefs
Kansas City's offensive line depth took a slight hit this offseason, with the release of Jawaan Taylor and the trade of Wanya Morris. However, they still have an impressive offensive line. Hopefully, Josh Simmons can improve on an up-and-down rookie season. Meanwhile, Creed Humphrey is a top-two center in the NFL, while Trey Smith is arguably the league's best right guard.

14) New York Jets
Many will disagree with this ranking, but I am a massive fan of the Jets' two starting tackles. Olu Fashanu didn't have the most consistent 2025 season but is a young star in the making on the left side. On the right side, Armand Membou was impressive as a rookie. Dylan Parham and Joe Tippmann are solid options at guard, while Josh Myers is the weak link on this offensive line.

15) New York Giants
I believe the Giants quietly hit a home run this offseason with their offensive line. They held onto Jermaine Eluemunor in free agency and used a top-10 draft pick on Francis Mauigoa. That duo should be a massive force in the run game. Meanwhile, Andrew Thomas is one of the top left tackles in the NFL when healthy.

16) Jacksonville Jaguars
The Jaguars' offensive line lacks a household name. However, they quietly had one of the better units in the NFL, especially once Cole Van Lanen took over at left tackle for Walker Little. While Patrick Mekari was the weak link of the offensive line, Jacksonville's one good NFL Draft pick was selecting Emmanuel Pregnon in the third round. He could start sooner than later as a rookie.

17) New England Patriots
Thankfully, the Patriots traded away last year's starting center, Garrett Bradbury, allowing Jared Wilson to move to his natural position at center. New England added Caleb Lomu in the NFL Draft, giving them a high-end backup behind Will Campbell and Morgan Moses. The key to the offensive line's success will be free-agent addition Alijah Vera-Tucker's health. If he can stay on the field, Vera-Tucker can push this unit into the top 10.

18) Baltimore Ravens
Unfortunately, the Ravens' offensive line took a massive hit this offseason, losing two Week 1 starters from last year's unit. While they upgraded at right guard, going from Daniel Faalele to John Simpson, Tyler Linderbaum signed a historical contract with the Las Vegas Raiders in free agency, leaving Baltimore with Danny Pinter as the projected Week 1 starting center. Thankfully, the Ravens spent their first-round pick on Olaivavega Ioane to pair with Ronnie Stanley on the left side.

19) Seattle Seahawks
Seattle's offensive line quietly played well last year. While Anthony Bradford is the clear-cut weak link to the offensive line, three of the other four starting spots have cornerstone players locked in. Charles Cross and Abraham Lucas form one of the more underrated offensive tackle duos in the NFL. Meanwhile, Grey Zabel had a solid rookie season.

20) Washington Commanders
While the Commanders didn't make any meaningful additions to their offensive line this offseason, they held onto four of five starters and their top two backups. Laremy Tunsil and Sam Cosmi are the two stars of this unit, as both are arguably top-five players at their respective positions. The development of second-year pro Josh Conerly Jr. at right tackle will determine if this offensive line plays like a top-15 unit in 2026.

21) Dallas Cowboys
After years of having an elite offensive line, the Cowboys had to rebuild their unit over the past few offseasons. Their interior is one of the best in the NFL with Tyler Smith at left guard, Cooper Beebe at center, and Tyler Booker at right guard. The Tylers make up one of the top guard duos in the league despite Booker only being a rookie last season. Unfortunately, Tyler Guyton and Terence Steele were average at best last year.

22) Miami Dolphins
The Dolphins quietly have an underrated offensive line. Patrick Paul improved last season after a disappointing rookie year. Aaron Brewer was one of the top centers in the league in 2025 despite getting little national attention. Meanwhile, Austin Jackson is a solid starter at right tackle. More importantly, Miami used their first pick in the Jeff Hafley era on Kadyn Proctor, who will start at left guard as a rookie but could play either tackle spot when injuries start to pile up.

23) Cincinnati Bengals
Hopefully, Amarius Mims can build on the flashes he showed last year after a disappointing rookie season. Meanwhile, Orlando Brown Jr. and Ted Karras are solid but not elite starting options. The Bengals did invest in their offensive line during the NFL Draft, using Day 3 picks on Brian Parker II and Connor Lew. Both could play meaningful snaps as rookies and potentially become starters next year.

24) Pittsburgh Steelers
Troy Fautanu is one of the least talked-about high-end offensive tackles in the NFL. He is moving from right tackle to left tackle in 2026 with Broderick Jones dealing with a significant neck injury. Mason McCormick and Zach Frazier have played well but aren't an above-average duo. Unfortunately, the right side of the line is a massive question mark, especially if first-round rookie Max Iheanachor doesn't win the starting right tackle job.

25) San Francisco 49ers
Despite turning 38 years old this month, Trent Williams remains arguably the NFL's top left tackle. Meanwhile, Colton McKivitz was productive at right tackle, posting a 90.4 PFF run blocking grade last season. Unfortunately, the interior of the offensive line is average at best, despite Kyle Shanahan always getting the best out of his guys up front.

26) Las Vegas Raiders
The Raiders' offensive line still needs work, but the team is heading in the right direction. Hopefully, Kolton Miller stays healthy after playing only four games last year. Meanwhile, Jackson Powers-Johnson is also coming off a season-ending injury but was playing well before getting hurt. The expensive addition of Tyler Linderbaum should help make Las Vegas' offensive line at least serviceable.

27) Green Bay Packers
I struggled to make sense of the Packers' offensive line decisions this offseason. They released Elgton Jenkins after eight years with the team. Green Bay also didn't retain Rasheed Walker at left tackle after he spent the past three seasons as a starter despite not getting a massive contract in free agency. Jordan Morgan at left tackle and Sean Rhyan at center are on the hot seat in 2026.

28) Cleveland Browns
Speaking of Elgton Jenkins, the veteran was one of four new starting offensive linemen the Browns added this offseason. The veteran joined Zion Johnson as free-agent additions for Cleveland, while the team used a top-10 draft pick on Spencer Fano and traded for Tytus Howard. While this unit should be significantly better than last year's group, the Browns still have a bottom-five offensive line.

29) Atlanta Falcons
While the hiring of Kevin Stefanski and Bill Callahan will help the offensive line, the Falcons have one of the worst units in the NFL. Jake Matthews is still one of the best pass protectors in the league, but his run blocking slipped last year. Meanwhile, when you have castoffs Jawaan Taylor and Wanya Morris competing at right tackle, that's cause for significant concern, especially with two injury-prone left-handed quarterbacks under center.

30) Houston Texans
The Texans had arguably the worst offensive line in the NFL last year. They added Wyatt Teller and Braden Smith in free agency. Furthermore, Houston used their first-round pick in the NFL Draft on Keylan Rutledge, giving the team three new starters in 2026. Hopefully, the combination of older veterans and young pieces gives C.J. Stroud more time in the pocket this season.

31) Arizona Cardinals
Paris Johnson Jr. is one of the better young left tackles in the NFL. Arizona improved their guard spots by signing Isaac Seumalo in free agency and using a second-round pick in the NFL Draft on Chase Bisontis. Elijah Wilkinson and Oli Udoh will duke it out at right tackle, which is far from ideal for whoever is playing quarterback for the Cardinals.

32) Tennessee Titans
There isn't much to like about the Titans' offensive line. Peter Skoronski is a star at left guard. Meanwhile, JC Latham was solid as a run blocker last year. Unfortunately, the other three starting spots are held by below-average players.
